Added min-height for draggable dialog (#1046)
iTwin/iTwinUI: .changeset/six-radios-knock.md

---
'@itwin/itwinui-css': patch
---

> Draggable dialog now have a min height set so that the dialog can't be minimized more than where the dialog buttons are. It can also be optionally customized using the `$min-height` variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resizable dialog now has a min height set so that it always includes the button bar.
```
